README.md, before:

Use this Gatsby 2 starter to create your own Gatsby website.

Check out a [demo of this starter](https://gatsby-starter-wilde-creations.netlify.com/).

Check out [this starter's Storybook](https://gatsby-starter-wilde-creations.netlify.com/docs).

This starter is set up to provide the latest and greatest tooling, helping to ensure the stability of your website or web application.

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying this starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using this starter.
    gatsby new my-new-website https://github.com/georgewilde/gatsby-starter-wilde-creations
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd my-new-website
    gatsby develop
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`.

## 🧐 What's inside?

- Gatsby
- TypeScript
- Styled Components
- Helmet
- Storybook
- Jest
- ESLint
- Husky
- Prettier
- React Testing Library
- Stylelint

## 👷 To Do

Although this start is fully functioning and ready to use, this is a list of things that would make it even better:

- Add ability to easily switch between styled component themes.
- Add Jest tests for the sitemetadata context and hook.
- Add Jest tests to the theme component.
- Add Jest tests to the Image component.
- Add Jest tests to the Seo component.
- Add a plop / yeoman generator config.
- Add cypress tests.
- Add Storybook docs.

## 😁 Questions

If you have any questions please feel free to reach out directly at george@wildecreations.co.uk.

Commit message:

feat(www): Add ability to easily and consistently create new React components
* Add Plop template for components

Also
* Replace the StoryBook JSX addon with the StorySource addon.
* Remove styled-normalise as it wasn't playing nicely with materialize CSS.

README.md, after:

A bare-bones Gatsby starter that's ready to rock and roll.

Check out a [demo of this starter](https://gatsby-starter-wilde-creations.netlify.com/).

Check out [this starter's Storybook](https://gatsby-starter-wilde-creations.netlify.com/docs).

This starter is set up to provide the latest and greatest tooling, helping to ensure the stability of your website or web application.

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying this starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using this starter.
    gatsby new my-new-website https://github.com/georgewilde/gatsby-starter-wilde-creations
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd my-new-website
    gatsby develop
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`.

1.  **Add a new component**

    To make life easier and improve consistency, a component creation template is provided using Plop.
    To add a new component, simply run the following command and follow the prompts:

    ```shell
    yarn generate component
    ```

## 🧐 What's inside?

- Gatsby
- TypeScript
- Styled Components
- Storybook
- Helmet
- Jest
- ESLint
- Husky
- Prettier
- React Testing Library
- Stylelint
- Materialize

## 👷 To Do

Although this start is fully functioning and ready to use, this is a list of things that would make it even better:

- Add ability to easily switch between styled component themes.
- Add Jest tests for the sitemetadata context and hook.
- Add Jest tests to the theme component.
- Add Jest tests to the Image component.
- Add Jest tests to the Seo component.
- Add cypress tests.
- Add Storybook docs.

## 😁 Questions

If you have any questions please feel free to reach out directly at george@wildecreations.co.uk.
